Accordion - New Component (#147)
Kajabi/sage: libs/core/src/components/pds-accordion/docs/pds-accordion.mdx

import {DocArgsTable, DocCanvas} from '@pine-ds/doc-components';
import { components } from '../../../../dist/docs.json';

# Accordion

An Accordion, composed of a single trigger button and a panel of custom content, is used to show and hide information. Use the provided slots to add custom content to both the trigger and the panel.

## Guidelines

### Accessibility

> **Caution**: The label slot is built with the `<summary>` HTML component. Because the `<summary>`'s default accessibility role is `button`, it will strip all child elements of their own roles. This will prevent elements such as headings to be read as such for users of assitive technology. Exercise caution to not use the label as a substitute for a heading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Caution**: The label slot is built with the `<summary>` HTML component. Because the `<summary>`'s default accessibility role is `button`, it will strip all child elements of their own roles. This will prevent elements such as headings from being read as such for users of assistive technology. Exercise caution to not use the label as a substitute for a heading.
```

Minor spelling/grammar recommendation.

Author: This has been updated.
